Add PyCon India 2021 CFP announcement blog (#358)
pythonindia/inpycon-blog: content/blog/2021/cfp-announcement.md

Title: Call for Proposals for PyCon India 2021 is now open!
Date: 2021-03-04 17:00
Author: Nikhil Maan (@Sc0rpi0n101)
Category: 2021
Slug: cfp-announcement
Summary: PyCon India is back for 2021, it's online and the [call for proposals](https://in.pycon.org/cfp/2021/proposals/) has been officially opened!

2020 was a rollercoaster for all of us. The PyCon India team wishes you a safe and prosperous year. After accessing the circumstances, we have decided to organize PyCon India 2021 online. You can know more about that from our [Announcement blog](https://in.pycon.org/blog/2021/pycon-india-announcement.html).

So, whether you are someone submitting a proposal for talks for the first time or just want to share what you have been up to with Python for a long time. This is YOUR time to shine!

> We are looking forward to seeing beginner, intermediate, and advanced proposals on topics mentioned below from speakers from a variety of experience levels and fields.  You don’t need to be a veteran who has spoken at dozens of conferences. For making our conference truly diverse, we are looking for all kinds of people. That’s what our community is comprised of, and that’s what this conference’s schedule should be made from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are looking forward to seeing beginner, intermediate, and advanced proposals on diverse topics from speakers of different expertise, and experience. To a submit a proposal, you don’t need to be a veteran who has spoken at a dozen conferences in the past. For making our conference truly diverse, we are looking for all kinds of people. That’s what our community is comprised of, and that’s what this conference’s schedule should be truly made out of.

```

Please make note of some important dates as mentioned below:

> - CFP opens on **4th March 2021**

Reviewer 2: Need to update this date since it has been pushed forward by a couple of days.

Author: Done

- CFP closes on **15th May 2021**
- Schedule shall be released on **Last week of July**

- Talks will be presented online on **18th and 19th September 2020**

## Where can you submit your proposal?

Read the [call for proposals editorial](https://in.pycon.org/cfp/2021/proposals/) for more information on writing proposals. Next, start with drafting your proposal in the [**New Proposal**](https://in.pycon.org/cfp/2021/proposals/create/) page after signing up for an account.

*Do make sure to read the [best practices](https://github.com/pythonindia/junction/wiki/Speaker-best-practices) before submitting your proposals especially if you are a first time speaker!*

## Guide to writing amazing proposals

> As you think about your experiences, skills, and knowledge that you would want to bring to the table. We also want you to focus on the proposal that you will be submitting to us. A well-thought-out proposal means everything here at this point. Take your time to go through our team's advice on preparing a kickass proposal that turns heads (virtually):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you think about your experiences, skills, and knowledge that you would want to bring to the table. We also want you to focus on the proposal that you will be submitting to us. A well-thought-out proposal could mean a chance for it your proposal to be selected and presented at PyCon India 2021. Take your time to go through our team's advice on preparing a kickass proposal that turns heads (virtually):

```

Author: ```suggestion
As you think about your experiences, skills, and knowledge that you would want to bring to the table. We also want you to focus on the proposal that you will be submitting to us. A well-thought-out proposal could mean a chance for it to be selected and presented at PyCon India 2021. Take your time to go through our team's advice on preparing a kickass proposal that turns heads (virtually):

```

Title: Call for Proposals for PyCon India 2021 is now open!
Date: 2021-03-04 17:00
Author: Nikhil Maan (@Sc0rpi0n101)
Category: 2021

> Slug: cfp-announcement

Reviewer 3: `cfp-announcement-2021` ?

This might create conflicts later on.

Reviewer 4: 2021 is prefixed to the path always.

2020 was a rollercoaster for all of us. The PyCon India team wishes you a safe and prosperous year. After accessing the circumstances, we have decided to organize PyCon India 2021 online. You can know more about that from our [Announcement blog](https://in.pycon.org/blog/2021/pycon-india-announcement.html).

So, whether you are someone submitting a proposal for talks for the first time or just want to share what you have been up to with Python for a long time. This is YOUR time to shine!

We are looking forward to seeing beginner, intermediate, and advanced proposals on topics mentioned below from speakers from a variety of experience levels and fields.  You don’t need to be a veteran who has spoken at dozens of conferences. For making our conference truly diverse, we are looking for all kinds of people. That’s what our community is comprised of, and that’s what this conference’s schedule should be made from.

Please make note of some important dates as mentioned below:

- CFP opens on **4th March 2021**
- CFP closes on **15th May 2021**

> - Schedule shall be released on **30th June 2020**

Author: I took this from the email. I'm guessing I should remove this now?

> - Schedule shall be released on **30th June 2020**

Reviewer 3: This is still tentative. Let's just say "Last week of July".

Author: ```suggestion
- Schedule shall be released on **Last week of July**

```

4. **No effects & No Music**  
Please do not add any background music to your video. ​No screenshots or postproduction wizardry please; we don’t want this to turn into a video-making contest. If you’re going to spend time making something cool, put that into your slides & proposal instead.

5. **No Script**  
Please do not recite a script written beforehand. Just talk spontaneously as you would to a friend. People delivering memorized speeches (or worse still, reading text off the screen) usually come off as dull and uninspiring. Think of this as a fun activity and let your heart do the talking. Be vanilla!

6. **Check your Audio**  
Try to keep your voice clear and check that it's being recorded properly. Make sure there isn't any background noise. Try to record this in an empty room if possible without much going on in the background.

## Have any more questions? We are here to help!

Feel free to ping us on [Zulip](https://pyconindia.zulipchat.com/) or IRC (#pyconindia) or contact the coordinators through email:

> -

Author: Please add the contact details point(s) of contact for CFP questions here.

Reviewer 4: cfp@in.pycon.org

Author: It's in the next line.

> -

Reviewer 3: Add Laisha's contact here?

Reviewer 4: @anistark -- cfp@in.pycon.org ??

Reviewer 3: Oh right. We need to update the redirection thing on this email too.
Then just this would be fine.

Author: There is cfp@in.pycon.org in the next line.

I was asking if we want an individual's contact here too?

Reviewer 4: No, we don't want an individual contact here.

Author: ```suggestion
```
